doc(kic) add 2.7 docs (#4503)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/upgrade-kong-3x.md

  --namespace ${YOUR_NAMESPACE} \
  -f ${PATH_TO_YOUR_VALUES_FILE} \
  --version 2.13.0 \
  --set ingressController.image.tag="2.7"
```

2.13 is the first chart version that supports 2.7. You can use later versions
if available.

## Update Ingress regular expression paths for Kong 3.x compatibility

Kong 3.x includes a number of its own [breaking changes](/gateway/changelog/#breaking-changes-and-deprecations),
but most don't affect its interactions with KIC, or are handled automatically
by 2.7 changes. You should still review the changelog for changes that don't
interact with KIC, such as changes to `kong.conf` or environment variable settings,
and changes to the PDK that affect custom plugins.

Kong 3.x includes changes to regular expression path handling, which _do_ require
manual updates to Ingress configuration. In Kong 2.x, Kong applied a heuristic based
on the presence of special characters in a route path to determine if a path

> was a regular expression. This heuristic was imperfect and Kong 3.x has removed
> it, instead requiring that any regular expression begin with a `~` prefix.
> Ingress does not allow paths that begin with any character other than `/`,
> however, so Ingress rules with a regular expression path must begin with `/~`
> instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was a regular expression. This heuristic was imperfect and {{site.base_gateway}} 3.x removed
it, and instead requires that any regular expression begins with a `~` prefix.
Ingress does not allow paths that begin with any character other than `/`,  so Ingress rules with a regular expression path must begin with `/~`
instead.
```

> **Important**: `Prefix` and `Exact` rules [must never use regular expressions](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/concepts/ingress-versions/#networkingk8siov1).
Only use regular expressions in `ImplementationSpecific` rules.

The new 3.x paths are also incompatible with 2.x. Adding the `/~` prefix to
Ingress rules directly breaks incremental upgrades. To smooth the migration
process and allow users to update rules gradually, KIC 2.7 includes the
`enableLegacyRegexDetection` option to continue applying the 2.x regular
expression heuristic on KIC's end.

> If the following sets of rules are met, KIC will create a Kong route path with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the following sets of rules are met, KIC creates a Kong route path with
```
